docs(NODE-5425): update Node bindings docs (#685)
mongodb/libmongocrypt: bindings/node/README.md

#### Testing

The unit tests require the binding to be built.  Run `npm run rebuild` to build the addon from the c++ source.  Then the tests can be run with `npm test`.

> Note: changes to c++ source are not automatically re-compiled.  you need to rebuild the bindings after each change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: changes to c++ source are not automatically re-compiled.  One needs to rebuild the bindings after each change.
```
